EVENTUALLY REMOVE THIS FILE, it's for half-baked development ideas,
long-term important concepts ought to be in the README.md

f = ma
-g -D = m * h_ddot
D = 0.5 rho h_dot^2 CD
rho = ...
CD = m*theta + b

The end goal is to design a controller that reliably arrives at a desired altitude
in a Monte Carlo simulation which high variance on key parameters. We'd also like
to design a high-fidelity observer which simulates realistic noise on the relevant
sensors.

Due to the difficult differential equations, an iterative approach is taken to
create a reference trajectory with pessimistic drag. The idea is at any point,
remain faster - drive the error to zero without overshooting (negative error).

A perhaps more sophisticated approach would be to try and estimate the drag
coefficient on-line and continually update the reference trajectory.

Another thought: when performing Monte Carlo sims, perform a few of them where the
pessimistic reference drag is scaled with a unique value. Then do a plot of
average altitude overshoot as a function of pessimistic ref drag scaling to see
how sensitive it is to performance. Knowing this will be important for knowing
the reliablity of the controller


NOTES 3/25/2017:
JM: the reference trajectory is now generated from sea level, this gives us the
desired hd for any h. Now I'd like to create a plot of the error between the
current trajectory and the reference trajectory over time. This will require
some interpolation from the reference trajectory since it's not a 1-1 mapping

NOTES 3/29/2017:
Error is plotted. I'd like to eventually update the state propagation and reference
trajectory generation to use a better numerical integration technique, but this
is considered low priority. We ought to get a simple closed-loop example.

NOTES 3/30/2017:
We need to create a dedicated simulation model for the drag flap deployment


 - drag coefficient from wind tunnel
 - drag coefficient as function of drag fin deployment (full relationship and approximation) to do list
 - theta performance, irl, we can't expect instantaneous angle 0 to 90 in 1-2 seconds ... for now
 - barometer noise characteristics - to do
 - a good wind gust model for disturbances (use uav book)
 - video of drag flaps deploying
 - at what velocity can we deploy flaps and not rip apart the rocket
